Please rest assured, Your Majesty
The grass-roots are just not very smart
But not stupid
The stakes are high.
Never say a word more
Well, please rest assured on this point, Your Majesty.
Most of the poor are unbearable
But that doesn't mean being stubborn and stupid
By the way, let me ask one more question
What feud do you have with Prince Rong?
Ha ha.
Your Majesty's eyes are relatively small
There is always a favor to be paid
Revenge
Take over His Majesty's mantle from the minister
Then to the difficulties facing the ministers in the court
Li Qinglong's shadow is indispensable behind this
Since he wants to make me angry
That would kill him.
Ok within three days
I will surely set you on fire
I respectfully send your majesty
Your Majesty
for me
Go find a death row inmate with a family
As soon as I entertain Prince Rong, the axe hand is in place
Prince Rong has a high position of power
The powerful lamb infiltrated by the Imperial Army in the palace
You can be sure
Your Majesty, don't worry, Your Majesty
Your Majesty is like a prince for a long time
Just in time
I will give him a medicine first
Give him a cut of Prince Rong's combat power
Prince Rong has been through the battle, this wine
Unless it's for you
Otherwise, it is very likely to startle the snake
The results will not scare the snake
I have always been cautious
Your Majesty, this lake is called Yin and Yang Lake
The minister also called him the Lake of Conscience
It is the minister who has been in the mansion these days
Well-crafted
Just plug the corresponding air holes when pouring the wine
The wine in that layer of space cannot be poured out
Anyway, it's very useful
Prince Xuan Rong
Xuan Rong and Wang Jinjian